The rich get bored easily.
If the going rate drops,
you can just take on more clients.
I got you a customer today as well.
Take the pill just in case.
I told him he could finish inside.
Shizuku, since you got those tattoos,
it's hard to find clients.
I managed to get a customer
for 10,000 an hour.
Oh, and from now on,
go ahead and find your own customers.
10,000 yen.
I'll do my best.
I'll do anything for you, Shuto.
SHUTO
NO RESPONSE
Answer the damn phone, Shuto!
This guy really pisses me off.
That's enough, Mu.
SHIZUKU
MISSED CALL
Whoa. Creepy.
She's acting like a psycho again.
What's wrong, Shuto?
I bet it's your girlfriend.
It's a customer. She has a tab
of three million, so I can't cut her off.
You can't be blowing up my phone
when I'm with a customer.
What?
Why did he add "LOL"?
Don't you dare make fun of
or disrespect her.
I don't care if it's your job.
Don't you dare talk to other girls!
Delete all the other girls' numbers,
or else I'll kill you!
That's enough.
It's all good now.
I'm so pissed.
I'm going to work.
Stay here, okay?
I get anxious when Mu's not around.
I can't stay calm
unless I'm eating something.
I ate too much again.
If I get fat, Shuto's going to hate me.
Every second, I feel like I want to die.
I'm being crushed by loneliness.
I'm lonely. I feel so lonely
that I can't stand it.
Somebody
help me.
Mu.
Shizuku.
Let's drink some hot water,
brush our teeth, and go to bed together.
Okay.
Let's eat.
It's rare for you to order eel for me.
Is it?
I just have this image of you
eating nothing but junk food.
Junk food?
Like takoyaki, which claims to be
the best in Japan, or cup noodles.
Or what was it?
That bizarre chunk of meat.
They're all as good as eel.
Well, anyway,
I guess you and Attorney Kameoka
are now tied.
Tied?
You won the Momoka Shiraishi case
by settling it out of court.
But for Shizuku Pien's case,
they got compensation,
and her video was pulled.
So Attorney Kameoka won.
And did you see this?
It says, "Joan of Arc of the legal world
saves Shizuku Pien and exposes
exploitative system in the AV industry."
Anyway, you've resolved
Mr. Kyogoku's case,
so this is it from him, right?
Nothing's resolved yet.
What?
I'm scared.
I'm scared of people looking at me.
In the morning,
I feel miserable when I pass by
people going to work or school
because I have nothing.
I'm sorry such a shabby person
like me exists here.
If I'm going to hurt someone,
I'd rather hurt myself.
More than anything,
I want money so I can meet Shuto.
Ao.
Ao! I want to come back
to the AV industry. Please!
Don't be ridiculous.
Do you know how much trouble
you've put us through?
I'm sorry!
Shut up.
I told you I'd call the police
if you came back again. Leave.
I'm sorry!
What's wrong with you?
I'm sorry.
Hello?
Oh, Madoka! I was waiting for your call.
What? You're going to appear
in our work? I'm thrilled.
Someone like you should…
Is everything okay?
Who are you?
I'm Attorney Kujo.
Please contact me if anything happens.
Attorney… Kujo.
-I'm home.
-Welcome back.
I got anmitsu today.
Anmitsu? I love it!
-I'll make some tea. Have a seat.
-Okay.
ANMITSU
Shinji.
How's work?
Oh, I'm busy with a lot of things.
My current office
has only the two of us working.
Attorney Kujo takes on cases
for people with problematic backgrounds.
This Attorney Kujo
is known as a crooked lawyer, isn't he?
I saw it on the Internet.
Hey.
Is Attorney Kujo really
the kind of person everyone says he is?
There are probably
quite a few people who think that.
Are you sure it's okay
to be working for Attorney Kujo?
Hey, you've finally become an attorney.
Won't you get involved in something bad?
I'll be fine. I'm being careful.
I'm going to enjoy this.
That's good to hear.
But being an attorney must be hard.
Sometimes you have to defend bad people.
That's an attorney's duty.
Someone has to follow
the correct criminal procedures.
When you save one,
you bring sorrow to another.
Attorney Kujo…
I wonder how he feels…
when he does things that make people
call him a crooked lawyer.
ESSENTIAL GUIDE TO THE SIX CODES
FOR BEGINNERS
Shinji,
why don't you stay over tonight?
I have to get up early tomorrow,
so I think I'll go home.
Is that the book your dad got you?
Yeah.
Dad said, "It may be advanced
for an elementary school kid."
But he bought it and said,
"You should know how the world works."
I'll take it with me.
I see.
I'm surprised I read it
until it got this worn out.
I still remember it completely.
Shinji.
Do you resent your dad?
I'm not sure.
Your dad…
I think he's really happy…
you became an attorney.
He used to always say he wanted you
to be someone who could help others.
No matter how small the issue,
he wanted you to be someone
who could help others.
I wonder, as an attorney,
am I really helping people?
What does it mean to help others?
10,000, not including the room.
How scary. Damn!
She has self-harm scars on her wrists.
Not a chance.
I was forced to drink a lot yesterday.
Oh, it was a girl again, right?
-Huh?
-A girl, right?
It was a client.
See, you always say it's a client.
Hey, that was so good.
Say it again in that sexy voice.
Mu, you're the best.
I GOT THE THREE MILLION I OWE YOU
I SAW YOU GO INTO A HOTEL WITH A GIRL
AND LOST INTEREST
LET'S END THIS.
COME TO MY PLACE TO GET IT
I ate too much again.
Shuto.
But I don't have to worry about
being hated by you anymore.
MU:
SHIZUKU! HAPPY 20TH BIRTHDAY
I'LL BUY A CAKE ON MY WAY HOME
The plan was to kill Shuto
and then kill myself.
But I couldn't die because I was hungry.
Isn't that funny, Attorney Kujo?
Ms. Kasagi,
if diminished capacity due to strong
control from Shuto Nakatani is recognized,
you might receive a suspended sentence.
Let's aim for that.
Even though I killed someone,
I won't get the death penalty?
I'm totally fine with the death penalty.
I want to die
and apologize to Shuto in hell.
This is for you.
If you have anything troubling your mind,
please write it down in this notebook.
I'll visit you again tomorrow.
Regarding Shizuku Kasagi's trial,
she contacted the police, so hopefully
she'll receive a suspended sentence.
If not, it'd be best if we aim
for the shortest possible term.
Yes.
But to get a suspended sentence
for this case,
it would take a miracle,
like a dog reading the verdict.
A dog?
How can you joke at a time like this?
I was just making an analogy.
Even then, it was inappropriate.
Someone died, you know?
More importantly, Attorney Karasuma,
please request a psychiatric evaluation.
We'll claim that she was either insane
or had diminished capacity.
Understood.
-Ms. Yakushimae.
-Yes.
Can you look into Shizuku's upbringing
and family environment
for a mitigation review?
That's fine,
but is Shizuku going to be okay?
I'm really worried.
Well, she did kill someone,
so I don't think she's okay.
It's not the same as filleting a fish.
Ms. Yakushimae.
-Did you just click your tongue?
-Yes, absolutely.
-The way you talk pisses me off.
-Now, now.
So what are you going to do,
Attorney Kujo?
I'll visit Shizuku every day
and hear her story.
Every day?
Yes.
Every day.
This case is too heavy for Shizuku
to keep worrying about on her own.
First, there's today. And once she gets
through today, there's tomorrow.
To survive one day at a time like that,
she needs someone,
even if it's just a conversation partner.
That's why you said,
"Nothing's resolved yet."
Yes, this is Kujo Law Office.
Are you looking for Attorney Kujo?
Uh-huh.
Yes.
This is Attorney Karasuma.
Go in.
Ms. Kasagi.
I'm Attorney Karasuma.
I work at Attorney Kujo's office.
Attorney Kameoka insisted
on meeting you today.
We've met once before.
Don't you remember?
Hey, Shizuku. Hey, the attorney saved you.
At least say thank you.
Shizuku,
the adult video
you were forced to appear in
will never be sold again.
I'm sure this incident
was a painful experience for you,
one which you don't even want to remember.
But you're still young.
You can do anything.
Think of this as a new beginning,
and find the path you want to follow.
Why has it come to this?
You were supposed to be able
to take a new path.
Why?
Attorney…
What is it?
Attorneys…
You have to be smart to become one, right?
I'm not smart, so I can't become one.
It's not like I wanted to…
end up like this.
You live in a completely different world.
You could never understand.
Mr. Kujo.
Hello, Attorney Kameoka.
Why is it you?
What do you mean?
I'm talking about Shizuku Kasagi.
Why did she request you
as her attorney and not me?
So, why is it you, Mr. Kujo?
Shizuku requested me. She said I seemed
like someone who would listen to others.
What is that supposed to mean?
That I don't listen to people?
See? There it is.
I guess you left your emotions
in the closet at your parents' house.
Attorney Kameoka,
you think too rationally,
and sometimes you can't
see the other person.
Why do you talk like that?
The way you talk gets on my nerves.
I absolutely don't want
to be lectured one bit by a man
who burned his ethics
along with burnable trash.
Excuse me. Here's your crab paste.
Thank you.
Why do you hold such a grudge
against the sex industry?
Japan's current laws… They're hot.
Lean toward abolishing the sex industry.
Attorney Kameoka, you respect
Attorney Catharine MacKinnon, don't you?
Well, yes.
Do you assume that cishet women are
the most exploited people in the world,
and that society as a whole
is fundamentally male-centered?
I'm not that rigid in my thinking.
It's a simpler reason.
I have a twin sister.
Reiko.
She was the complete opposite of me.
She didn't study at all.
And she slept around
with her classmates and seniors
who were nobodies in our hometown.
We have the same face, so people in our
small hometown often mistook me for her.
Hey,
let's go to the family restroom
at the mall.
Pop his cherry, won't you? Come on.
I knew all too well
how men treated my sister,
and it just made me sick.
Hey, slut!
She was into transactional dating,
which was popular then.
She got pregnant at 16
with no idea who the father was.
She hid it from our parents,
but they found out by the fifth month.
It was too late for an abortion,
so she gave birth.
She put her daughter in an orphanage.
Even after that, she went through
several pregnancies and abortions.
And now, she lives in our hometown
and barely works.
She lives a sloppy life,
replacing men one after another.
The reason why
I set out to become an attorney
is because the current law
isn't fair to women.
Fixing that inequality
will protect my dignity.
That's what I believe.
That's the only thing I can do.
All right.
Let's drink a lot today, Mr. Kujo.
Okay.
Excuse me. I hope you don't mind us
hitting on you. You're both beautiful.
Hey! Don't hit on people
while showing off your employee IDs.
Stop showing off what's on the outside.
Use your inner qualities!
I'm sorry. Please don't mind her.
One more drink, please.
Coming right up.
I'll have one too.
It's already morning.
I've not told anyone else.
The story about my twin sister.
Is that so?
I guess that's why
she chose you.
Mr. Kujo,
you're the only one
who can save Shizuku Kasagi.
I'm counting on you.
COURTHOUSE
I will now deliver the verdict.
The defendant
is hereby sentenced
to three years in prison.
Three years?
Order in the court.
A total of 120 days
of pre-sentencing detention
shall be credited toward the sentence.
I will now explain
the reasons for this verdict.
I'm surprised you managed to get
a short sentence of three years.
But none of Shizuku's problems
are solved yet.
Her sentence ends in three years,
but she'll carry her crime forever.
She might end up being taken advantage of
by another egocentric person, like Shuto,
who only loves himself.
I don't think egocentric people like him
actually love themselves.
Because they can't love themselves,
they're desperately trying
to protect themselves.
I, too,
am seeking something
somewhat unreliable to rely on.
Something unreliable to rely on…
Everyone is consuming
their life force and time.
No matter how much they buy,
it's never enough.
To look away
from their anxiety and loneliness,
they're made to buy
more and more appealing products.
In exchange for a fleeting joy,
they lose sight of
their true path in life,
and fall into despair
and suffer because of it.
So Mr. Kujo,
you're a human rights attorney too.
No, I'm not.
I'm just an attorney.
The judgment becomes final
two weeks after it's pronounced.
You won't go to prison right away.
You'll stay here for a month or two.
Three years of imprisonment is long,
but you'll still be 23 when you get out.
If I get out in three years,
what should I do, and where do I even go?
I don't belong anywhere.
Take it one day at a time.
If you can cherish your daily life,
that's where you belong.
No matter where you are,
you can find fulfillment.
These books…
THE LITTLE PRINCE
MOMO
…are the books I want to give my daughter
for her birthday someday.
You can keep them.
This is from Attorney Karasuma.
ESSENTIAL GUIDE TO THE SIX CODES
FOR BEGINNERS
I'll stay by your side and support you…
until you become someone who can give,
not someone who's always
had things taken from her.
ESSENTIAL GUIDE TO THE SIX CODES
FOR BEGINNERS
THE LITTLE PRINCE
MOMO
If you have no place to go…
you can come to my office.
I think I understand a little
why you took on Mr. Kyogoku's requests.
Many people, whom the police can't save,
have become victims under them.
You're trying to be that someone
they can rely on, aren't you?
I don't have such noble ambition.
I'm just doing what I can do.
I'm expecting someone. I'll go downstairs.
Please go ahead.
Attorney Kujo.
If you lose your badge, it's all over…
for both you and me.
If an attorney loses their badge,
they can't save anyone anymore.
Attorney Karasuma.
Yes?
Do we have to be able to see the future?
It's room 302 in the hotel over there.
Ms. Suzuki, 90 minutes.
The Ultimate Kink Experience package.
Okay.
How's it going being a driver for escorts?
Yeah…
Thanks for introducing me to a good job.
Oh, damn it!
I lost! I bet too much on a long shot.
I was planning to go
to a high-class brothel if I won. Damn it!
I failed at cryptocurrency
and FX trading too.
I've almost used up the three million
I got as Shizuku's compensation.
It must've been tough for you
with Shizuku committing a murder.
Huh?
-What do you mean?
-Huh?
It's nothing to do with me.
Do you think I'm a criminal
'cause someone close to me is a murderer?
That's not what I meant.
I meant that it must've been hard
to get a lawyer for Shizuku and all.
Well, Shizuku hired a lawyer herself.
I guess she had money.
I was secretly banging Shizuku
while Kinuko was at work.
I wanted to bang her
after she made her AV debut too.
That's disgusting.
My sexual desire has nothing to do
with the murder case.
I'm burdened with karma.
Hey, more importantly, where's the owner?
He needs to talk to me.
Yeah.
I think he'll be here soon. I'll go check.
He acts all high and mighty,
calling me to a place like this.
Hey, hey! What's going on here? Huh?
Huh? What is this?
Tonohata.
I heard you put your hand
on one of our girls.
Huh?
The girl was crying,
saying you assaulted her at home
after you dropped her off.
Huh? What? Who?
What the hell? Stop…
I'll show you what happens when you mess
with our precious merchandise.
Stop! Stop it!
I'll make sure you can never use
your filthy dick again.
Please, have mercy!
I don't give a shit.
Mibu!
Here.
Someone left another
weird bouquet this year.
It's just a misdirected grudge.
Don't worry about it.
What? He's still alive?
What?
You want me to kill him?
Subtitle translation by: Miho Kunisawa